Add PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#153)
tolstoyevsky/pieman: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Please make sure all below checkboxes in the Mandatory section have been checked before submitting your PR (also don't forget to pay attention to the Depending on Circumstances section)

## Mandatory

- [ ] The commit message is an imperative and starts with a capital letter (for example, `Add something`, `Remove something`, `Fix something`, etc.).
- [ ] I made sure I hadn't put a period at the end of the the commit message(s).

## Depending on Circumstances

Some of the items in the section become mandatory if you are a first-time contributor and/or your changes are relevant to the items.

- [ ] Adding a new parameter I didn't forget to reflect it in `README.md`.

> - [ ] Adding a new parameter or modifying an existing one I didn't brake an alphabetical order.

Reviewer: There is a typo:
```suggestion
- [ ] Adding a new parameter or modifying an existing one I didn't break the alphabetical order.
```
